Biochar Star.
Biochar Star is a webpage template for a education website that will later transition into a business website. The webpage submitted in class was designed to specifically satisfy requirements for the class. I will transition it to a business webpage in the future that sells biochar and related items. It was tested and works on Google Chrome. I used Chrome developer tools to test for responsive design.

Css/Media queries: The colors chosen for website were primarily charcoal, black, and gray which reflect colors of biochar. Green was also used to reflect nature. I kept the website design simple because primary users will be environmentally-conscious people who prefer simplicity. I adjusted in css for mobile and desktop usage which meets the mobile first requirement. I used responsive design for the navigation bar which meets the class requirement. It passes the responsive design goal of switching from horizontal to vertical when I tested it using Chrome developer tools. This meets the change in the navigation bar implementation using media queries. It also includes text that changes color when hovered over which was also an optional requirement.
In addition, I also used responsive design on the contact page to include Biochar Star's telephone and address. I designed it specifically without footers in to show using media queries that are responsive to different device sizes.  I also met the class requirement of making every other line on the list change color using nth child/nth of a type.



JavaScript and jquery: I used javaScript to aid in responsive design so it would change from mobile to desktop design and allow for a better user interface. To demonstrate other requirements using javaScript/jquery
), I created user forms.  Since pyrolyzers' temperatures are so high to make biochar, I used javaScript in a  Fahrenheit to Celsius temperature conversion form to educate readers.  To  also meet a requirement, I used javaScript on the name part of the form.  Once the user submits the name, the form would return Hello and the user's name. I also used jquery in my webpage to validate email and comments.  I used it to check email validation so that it would be returned with either the positive validation message in green or not validated in red. The comment section also returns a "your comment has been submitted" message above the comment section.

Accessibility: I followed best practices to ensure that the website was accessible for those users with slower internet connections. I used Chrome developer tools to test the speed. The html, css, and javascript was loaded in that order in order to allow for faster access. I put  most of styling components in css not html so it would load faster too. I chose a font that is simple to read to meet accessibility best practices.
In compliance to accessibility guidelines stated in class, I  limited the use of images to only those necessary for the webpage. I personally designed a logo in paint software. I specifically placed on the last page so that fact that the star image clearly labeled with "biochar star" would stand out as passing the accessibility requirement. It was designed to be in primary colors and very simple on purpose so that it loads quickly to meet accessibility best practices. I also labeled the buttons to meet accessibility rules.  To comply with accessibility requirements, I used media queries so webpage can be seen on a desktop or mobile device.


Correct use of Git/Github and commits:  I followed the correct steps in the project guidelines to create and name the github repository that would reflect a distinct repository.  I then used the proper guidelines to initilize the project and add files using git bash and the command line.  I then far exceeded the minimum number of commits needed to pass.    
